Q1. How many male and female employees are there in the organization ?

Q2. Find sum of even numbers and sum of odd numbers in a given list ?

Q3. Find duplicate elements in a given integers list ?

Q4. Remove all the occurrences of a given character ?

Q5. Find Special characters in a string ?

Q6. Find out all the numbers starting with 1 from a integer list ?

Q7. Find the employee with the highest salary from a list of employee objects ?

Q8. Concatenate a list of strings into a single string, separated by commas ?

Q9. Find the first non-repeating character in a string ?

Q10. Find frequency of characters of a given string ?

Q11. Group a list of strings by their length ?

Q12. Count the number of occurrences of each character in a string ?

Q13. Filter a list of numbers to only include those greater than 10 and then find their average ?

Q14. Convert a list of strings to map where key is the string and the value is the length ?

Q15. Flatten a list of lists of integers into a single list of integers ?

Q16. Given a list of transactions, filter out transactions of a specific type and collect them into a set ?

Q17. Find the first name of the oldest person in a list of Person objects ?

Q18. Skip the first 5 elements in a list and then print the rest ?

Q19. Collect all unique words from a list of sentences ?

Q20. Filter out null values from a list of strings using streams ?

Q21. Partition a list of integers into even and odd numbers ?

Q22. Generate an infinite sequence of random numbers and print the first 10 ?

Q23. Find the sum of the squares of a list of integers ?

Q24. Convert a list of strings to a list of their respective length using streams ?

Q25. Find the product of all elements in a list of integers ?

Q26. Merge two lists of integers and remove duplicates ?

Q27. Check if any string in a list starts with a specific prefix ?

Q28. List of employees , having properties id , name , salary . List Top three highest paid employees ?

Q29. Array of numbers, find second highest number from the array ?

Q30. How to sort a map by its values using streams api ?

Q31. Find the employee with the second highest salary from a list of Employee objects ?

Q32. Find the employee with the third highest salary from a list of Employee objects ?

Q33. Remove consecutive duplicate elements from a list of integers ?

Q34. Merge two arrays, sort them, and find the distinct elements using Java 8?

Q35. How can we check if a given string is a palindrome using Java 8 Streams, without explicitly reversing the string ?

Q36. Using Java 8 Streams, how do you find the third longest word in a list without manually sorting it and looping through ?
